In this lecture, I just wanna quickly show you
the project that we're gonna build
over the next couple of sections, and also show you
the starter files and assets for the project.
So, and here it is, this is the project we're gonna build,
and it's called Natours.
And it's a website, unlike a landing page,
for a fictional company that offers tours in the nature,
so Na-tours.
And I designed and built this project
exclusively just for this course.
So let's take a look at the webpage.
So it has all this modern eloquent feel
that you can see here.
It has these nice animations, alright?
So here we have like some features of the company,
so for these tours that they offer,
and here you also have these nice animations.
And down here, and this is I think the coolest part,
so we have this animated card, so you see,
when you hover these cards, then they turn like this,
then you have this nice button here that you can click.
So a really cool effect, and you're gonna learn all of this
with the most modern CSS techniques.
And what's also really cool is
as soon as you hit this button here, you see what happens?
It opens like this pop-up, and again this is pure CSS,
no JavaScript needed for all of this.
And we can nicely close it,
and then it has this effect where it fades out.
And then down here we have the next section,
which is like for reviews.
And you see that it actually has this video here
going on in the background.
So people in my HTML and CSS course,
they were asking me all the time,
how do I do a background video?
And so now in this course, it's finally here.
So we have a whole section with these cool effects
here again, and also this nice background video going on.
And then finally in the end, we have this forum,
which also has this nice, modern look and feel,
and it does some great features
that I will show you as well.
So for example, when you start filling out this field,
then the full name text here, it just slides down you see?
You saw that?
So the full name went down,
and now when I delete it, it goes back.
So it's really cool. Once again, this is CSS only.
Then there's radio buttons here,
not these default radio buttons that you see everywhere.
These are custom-made designed radio buttons
just for this project.
And then at the end, it's just a simple footer here.
So this is the webpage that we're gonna build.
And I spent a lot of time designing this
to make it a really exciting project for you.
And I believe it's a real cool project
in order to learn and use tons of these new features
for CSS that I have for you in this course.
Oh, and I almost forgot the navigation here.
So of course a website also has a navigation,
maybe you saw that it stays here all the time
when we scroll.
Okay? So this is a fixed position.
And as soon as we hit it, it has this nice animation
and then when we hover the items,
it actually has this animation effect as well.
So you see there's lots of animation effects going on,
a lot of cool design elements, and yeah,
that's what I wanted to do with this project.
Of course, if we hit this button again,
then it closes the navigation,
and you also see this nice effect going on
with the opening and closing.
So we're gonna do all of that
over the next couple of sections.
Now, about the starter files,
I hope that you already downloaded them.
But if you didn't, then just follow the instructions
that I gave you in the first section of the course.
So anyway, I already have the starter files here
on my desktop as usual, so it's this folder.
It has just a simple HTML file in there,
and all images.
So the images that we're gonna use for the page,
and also the background video of course
that I showed you before, and all these background images,
and logos and the hero image for the first section,
and then just a small starter CSS file as well.
So let me just quickly fire up my text editor here,
which is in my case, as I mentioned, Visual Code Studio.
So again, you can use any editor that you want,
no matter if it's Atom, Brackets, Sublime
or whatever you're using, you can continue using that.
The editor that you choose is not important
for the final result, okay?
So what I want you to do now is just open the project folder
like this so that we can take a look at our files.
So, closing the welcome screen.
And so that's our HTML file.
It's just a simple barebone structure
where we can start adding stuff to our body.
So you see I already included the style CSS here.
I already gave it a title and a favicon,
and I also already included the Lato font,
so the Google web font.
Because I'm assuming here
that you are already familiar with this stuff,
and so it would be pretty boring for you to watch me
type out this code.
So that's the starter HTML, then we have our images again,
and the CSS is actually empty.
All we have is this comment here
where I put the three green colors
that we used for the branding of the webpage, okay?
So these are the three greens that we're gonna use.
So I think that's it for this video.
So we saw the project. We saw the starter files.
We have everything opened up in our code editor,
and so we're ready to go.
So let's start coding in a second in the next video.